Hey guys, 

Thank you for showing an interest for this assignment.
Let's dive right into it.

The assignment is set up in an environment called 'Google Colab'.
Google Colab is a free, cloud-based platform that allows you to write and execute Python code through your browser.

When comparing this environment to a regular editor, the main differences are:

ONE - Code is organized in cells, and you can run your code one cell at a time
TWO - Cells can be either cells with code or cells with text so you can explain your code

Google Colab is particularly well-suited for machine learning, data science, and education.

Before we continue, one thing is really important: You need to copy this Colab project to your own Google Drive.
You do this by clicking 'Copy to Drive' right here.
Once you've done that, you can close the tab with the original Project, and start working on your own copy of the project.

A quick tour of the environment:

1. The MAIN area with all the code and text cells is found here on the center-right of the screen
   This is where we will do most of the work. All your code goes here in one of the cells.
2. The FILES area, you can find on the left hand side of the screen. You might need to open it up to see all the folders 
   and files that are available to you. When you make changes to your files or folders, you might need to refresh your
   FILES area by clicking this button
3. The TOP MENU holds items like: File, Edit, Insert etc. You typically don't need any of these options for this assignment, 
   but if you want to explore this menu, go ahead.
4. One final thing you want to notice is the 'Share' option in the top-right of the screen.
   Once your assignment is finished, you can share your project with your teacher or anyone else using this button.

To get started, you can read the first cels with the title and the description of the assignment.
So you see you're supposed to finish the function 'predict', and possibly add some code to the already existing main code to show that your function actually works.

Once you've read through all the text about the starter code and such, you can run your first code cell.
To do that, you simply click on the PLAY button that appears when you hover over the brackets on the left side of the code cell.

Now it's a matter of reading the text in the text cells, and running the code in code cells, until you are ready to add your own code.

-----

When your code is finished, here is what it should do: